Docs: Add windows docker installation instruction (#2821)
metabrainz/listenbrainz-server: docs/developers/devel-env.rst

-------------------------

ListenBrainz is hosted on GitHub at https://github.com/metabrainz/listenbrainz-server/.
You can use ``git`` to clone it (or your own fork) to your computer.

.. note::

>     Windows users are adviced to clone in their WSL2 filesystem to avoid code watcher issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Windows users are advised to clone the repository in their WSL2 file system to avoid code watcher issues.
```

>     Please refers to :ref:`run docker inside WSL <Windows Docker Installation>` for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please refer to :ref:`run docker inside WSL <Windows Docker Installation>` for more
```

-------------------------

ListenBrainz is hosted on GitHub at https://github.com/metabrainz/listenbrainz-server/.
You can use ``git`` to clone it (or your own fork) to your computer.

.. note::
    

>     We recommend Windows users to :ref:`run docker inside WSL <Windows Docker Installation>` 

Reviewer 2: I think Docker linux containers require WSL2 mandatorily so you can make the wording here stricter.
